Add MI 350 CPC SQ SPI metrics (#632)
AMDResearch/omniperf: CHANGELOG.md

* Support host-trap PC Sampling on CLI (beta version)

> * Add support for MI 350 series GPUs with the addition of following counters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for AMD Instinct MI350 series GPUs with the addition of the following counters:
```

Reviewer 2: the following metrics

>   * Add SPI Wave Occupancy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Stream Processor Instruction (SPI) Wave Occupancy
```

Reviewer 2: Stream Processor Instruction (SPI), may I know where does this come from?
So far as I know, here is Shader Processor Input.

>   * Add Scheduler-Pipe Wave Utilization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Scheduler-Pipe Wave Utilization
```

>   * Update formula for VGPR Writes

Reviewer: Should this be moved under the "Changed" section?

>   * Update formula for VGPR Writes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated formula for Vector General-Purpose Registers (VGPR) write operations
```

>   * Add Scheduler FIFO Full Rate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Scheduler FIFO Full Rate
```

>   * Add CPC ADC Utilization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * CPC ADC utilization
```
Full form for CPC and ADC

>   * Add F6F4 datatype metrics

Reviewer: Is there a more general term for F6F4 or full form?

>   * Update formula for total FLOPs while taking into account F6F4 ops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the formula for total FLOPs to include the F6F4 ops.
```

>   * Add LDS STORE / LOAD / ATOMIC isntruction count metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * LDS STORE, LOAD, and ATOMIC instruction count metrics
```

Reviewer: Add a full form for LDS?

>   * ADD LDS STORE / LAOD / ATOMIC bandwidth metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * LDS STORE, LOAD, and ATOMIC bandwidth metrics
```

>   * Add LDS FIFO full rate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * LDS FIFO full rate
```

>   * Add Sequencer -> TA ADDR / CMD / DATA Stall rates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * New sequencers: TA ADDR, CMD, and DATA Stall rates
```

* GPU id filtering is not supported when using rocprof v3

> * Analysis of previous workload data will not work due to sysinfo.csv schema change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Analysis of the previous workload data will not work due to the `sysinfo.csv` schema change
```

>   * This can be solved by running the profiling operation again for the workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * As a workaround, run the profiling operation again for the workload and interrupt the process after ten seconds. Followed by copying the `sysinfo.csv` file from the new data folder to the old one. (Assuming your system specification hasn't changed since the creation of the previous workload data.
```

>   Interrupting the process after ten seconds. Copying the sysinfo.csv file from new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: As a workaround, run the profiling operation again for the workload and interrupt the process after ten seconds. Followed by copying the `sysinfo.csv` file from the new data folder to the old one. (Assuming your system specification hasn't changed since the creation of the previous workload data.

>   data folder to old one. This assumes the specification of your system has not changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   since the previous workload data was created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Analysis of new workloads might require providing shader/memory clock speed using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Analysis of new workloads might require providing shader or memory clock speed using
```

> --specs-correction operation if amd-smi/rocminfo does not provide clock speeds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--specs-correction` operation if `amd-smi` or `rocminfo` does not provide clock speeds.
```
